I'm in the party right now and I think you should come over.
There's definitely something facey going on here.
It's all good. Go and take care of your business.
Hey, we'll have to go on the other gallery quickly.
I need to follow Jasmine.
Look, what I got in camera?
She's fine, thank you, she reports.
How did you find out about this?
I arrived all the way and stumbled upon this scene.
What's happening?
Why is this painting trickling my memory?
Rather than his hurts.
Hey, what's wrong?
You are not filled?
No, no way here.
Came to set a painting.
There are not many opportunities to see Isaac's
rock up close like this.
I feel like I connected to this painting somehow.
Don't get moron, but it doesn't make any sense.
This is one of Isaac's most famous works.
I think you need to stop thinking about it.
Come with me and take some rest.